feat(proxy): add setting to be able to use proxies (#26)
factset/enterprise-sdk-utils-python: README.md

print(res.text)
```

### Configure a Proxy

You can pass proxy settings to the ConfidentialClient if necessary.
The `proxy` parameter takes a URL to tell the request library which proxy should be used.

If necessary it is possible to set custom `proxy_headers` as dictionary.

```python
from fds.sdk.utils.authentication import ConfidentialClient

client = ConfidentialClient(
  config_path='/path/to/config.json',
  proxy= "http://secret:password@localhost:5050",
  proxy_headers={
    "Custom-Proxy-Header": "Custom-Proxy-Header-Value"
  }
)
```

### Custom SSL Certificate

If you have proxies or firewalls which are using custom TLS certificates,
you are able to pass a custom pem file (`ssl_ca_cert` parameter) so that the
request library is able to verify the validity of that certificate. If a

> ca cert is passed it is validated whether `verify_ssl` is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ca cert is passed it is validated when `verify_ssl` is set to true.
```

Reviewer: Or rather the rephrasing should be
```suggestion
ca cert is passed it is validated regardless if `verify_ssl` is set to true.
```
